hey there sterling here from internet
business mastery com and I wanted to
tell you a little bit today about mobile
local fusion what it is do a little
walkthrough why I'm so excited about it
and what Jay and I think about this
thing now how I even heard about this is
I heard Laura who created mobile local
fusion I heard her speak and give the
presentation that is in the getting
started video now in the getting started
video this is she gave this presentation
live I was blown away by it and some
would even say after I heard it I was a
bit obsessed with mobile and partly
because of a lot that she said in this
presentation including the fact that
there are five billion plus cell phone
users versus only 1.8 billion Internet
users also of those users there's 5.1
million smartphones which is so amazing
I mean I've got a smartphone I've got
the iphone Jay does as well we do a lot
with it and I didn't even realize all
that could be done with these as far as
marketing and internet business the
other cool thing is that ninety-five
percent of texts are opened that is
absolutely amazing to me and i realized
that when i get a text i look at that
instantly when it comes in I don't do
that with email anymore or anything else
so they talk a lot in this program about
how to market using the cell phone as
well as some other things so there's a
lot to this that is incredibly exciting
but this presentation that'll be the
first thing you go in and watch once
you're done with this presentation it'll
be hard to sleep I mean it I still am
waking up going oh my gosh here's what
we got to do we got to do this we got to
do this with internet business mastery
but anyway so so definitely check that
out first once you get this mobile local
fusion but I wanted to really quickly
also walk you through what is in this
but before I do that I wanted to also
mention that I think this is an
incredible program as well as a great
addition to the Academy as you probably
know we've got the internet business
mastery academy com where we teach
a little bit more of a long-term program
of starting an internet business now I
believe this is a great addition to our
program because this thing you could
actually spend one day going through
everything learning how to do the
program maybe to like if you've got time
to dedicate to just watching the videos
and learning this program one or two
days and then the next day you could go
out and possibly get customers it is
absolutely possible so you could be
bringing an income with this and do your
long-term business strategy for the
completely online business with the
Academy so anyway I wanted to really
quickly walk through this okay so after
you login here's some of the things you
get getting started that's the one I
talked about where I was so excited
awesome presentation that made me
obsessed okay so the next thing is you
know she's going to talk about there's
there's some Google stuff to deal with
here which is really super easy she
shows you exactly how to do it going in
and understanding google local she
explains exactly how to do it and then
we get to the super duper extra exciting
stuff which is the going mobile part
then she walks you through every single
thing how to get your clients how they
make money and the great thing is with
what we teach in the academy as well as
just on our podcast is she teaches you
how to outsource all the work so of
course you're not going to be doing all
the work that it takes to get this stuff
done you'll just be handling the clients
getting the clients managing the clients
and managing your business also she
teaches you how to do all of this very
very very simple the other thing is this
was a really cool one she talks about
the future of mobile what what you can
do with the technology there's this
thing called augmented reality which is
really really cool and going to be a
part of all of our lives all of us that
are using smartphones and those that
obviously come in to start using
smartphones but anyway so that is the
basic course now there's also recording
success stories other things that they
have in here other resources but that's
the base of it and again I can't
more how I think this is absolutely a
wonderful get started program a great
addition to the Academy and here's the
other thing the price is insane when I
first saw the presentation on this I was
expecting two grand right like that's a
big course like this that teaches you
exactly how to get started in some
particular business niche are you there
usually two grand but it's not it's
under 200 bucks now here's the other
funny thing is normally I would have
went to Ryan this is ryan deiss and
Laura put this together I would have
went to Ryan and said hey can I get a
copy to check out and see what this is
about but it was so cheap I just bought
it really quick and went in so this is
our actual copy what we have ourselves
Jay and I and we both been going through
it just getting completely excited about
it so definitely go here check it out
right now and we'll also go ahead and
throw in something else our Twitter list
building product so what you can do is
after you buy it will also throw in the
Twitter list building but what you need
to do is go to internet business mastery
com forward slash mobile and by mobile
local fusion then go ahead and forward
the receipt they give you to support at
internet business mastery com and then
we'll go ahead and send you a link to
Twitter list building so go ahead and do
that now and we'll see on the inside
you